---
layout: page
title: Terms of Use
include_in_header: false
---

# Terms of Use

Welcome to our application , products or services owned or operated by Lang AI LLC (“Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) (collectively, the “LA Service”). To access the LA Service, you must at all times agree to and abide by these terms of use, including any additional guidelines, and any future modifications (collectively, these “Terms”). These Terms are a legal contract between you, a user of at least 16 years of age (“you” or “User”), and Lang AI LLC Service regarding your use of the LA Services.

By accessing, installing, browsing, using or subscribing to, or registering for the LA Service (including any content created, uploaded, downloaded, copied, published, and propagated during the use of the LA Service), you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms. If at any time you do not agree to these Terms, please terminate your use of the LA Service.

Although LA Service is always striving to improve itself, it is not perfect. While LFF make reasonable efforts to ensure the information provided is accurate, LFF cannot ensure the accuracy, completeness and reliability of any and all information, data or content on the Service. Therefore, you agree and understand that during your use of LA Services, no content feedback can be used as any basis for any civil or commercial activities performed by You and/or others, otherwise all risks that may arise from such activities and all responsibilities shall be borne by you, not by LA.

#####  A. AGREEMENT

These Terms are a legal agreement between you and Lang AI LLC. By using the Services, including installing and/or downloading any of our mobile applications (each an “App” and collectively the “Apps”), you: (a) agree to be bound by these Terms, (b) you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority and capacity to enter into these Terms; and (c) you own or control the mobile device by which you are accessing the Services. These Terms also apply to any App updates, supplements, and services made available by LA that are not provided under a separate license or other agreement with us. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not install or use any App or Services. We may amend these Terms from time to time and will notify you of any update to the Terms that materially impact your use of the Services or your rights or obligations. Such notification may be through an in-app notification or website notice. Your continued use of the Services after we post any amendments to these Terms will signify your acceptance of such amendments. If you do not agree with any amendment, you must discontinue using the Services (including any Apps). If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms, please contact support at the email provided in Section U below. Do not use the Services until your questions and concerns have been answered to your satisfaction and you agree to abide by these Terms.Notice to consumers Depending on the laws of the jurisdiction where you live, you may have certain rights that are in addition to these Terms, and certain provisions of these Terms may be unenforceable as to you. To the extent that any term or condition of these Terms is unenforceable to you, the remainder of these Terms shall remain in full force and effect.Use of the Services is subject to our Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated into these Terms by reference. These Terms also include any additional payment terms and other requirements set forth on the download or purchase page through which you purchase or download any Apps. The Apps may be available through marketplaces that distribute mobile applications and that may have additional terms, conditions and usage rules that govern your use of the Apps if you download or install the Apps through such marketplaces.

##### B. GRANT OF LICENSE

Subject to your compliance with these Terms, LA grants you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license, to access, download and/or install the most current generally available version of the software provided to you as part of the Services solely for your lawful, personal, and non-commercial use.

##### C. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

Restricted Use. You may not rent, sell, lease, sublicense, distribute, assign, copy (other than a single copy for your own backup purposes), or in any way transfer or grant any rights to the Services or use the Services for the benefit of any third party. Unless expressly authorized by LA, you are prohibited from making the Apps available over a network where it could be downloaded or used by multiple users. You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic or manual device or process to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services, except to remove our Apps from a mobile device which you own or control. You may not violate or attempt to violate the security of our Services. You may not modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise tamper with any Services, or attempt to do so for any reason or by any means. You may not access, create or modify the source code of any Services in any way. You do not have the right to and may not create derivative works of any Services or any portions thereof. All modifications or enhancements to the Services remain the sole property of LA.

‍Updates. We reserve the right to add or remove features or functions to existing Services. When installed on your mobile device, the Apps periodically communicate with our servers. We may require the updating of the Apps on your mobile device when we release a new version of the Apps, or when we make new features available. This update may occur automatically or upon prior notice to you and may occur all at once or over multiple sessions. You understand that we may require your review and acceptance of our then-current Terms before you will be permitted to use any updated versions of the Services. You acknowledge and agree that any obligation we may have to support previous versions of the Services may be ended upon the availability of updates, supplements or subsequent versions. You acknowledge and agree that we have no obligation to make available to you any updates, supplements or updated versions of the Services.

‍Access. You must provide at your own expense the equipment, internet connections, devices and service plans to access and use the Apps. If you access an App through a mobile network, your network or roaming provider's messaging, data and other rates and fees may apply. You are solely responsible for any costs you incur to access the Apps from your device. Downloading, installing or using certain Apps may be prohibited or restricted by your network provider and not all Apps may work with your network provider or device. LA makes no representation that the Apps can be accessed on all devices or wireless service plans. LA makes no representation that the Apps are available in all languages or that the Apps are appropriate or available for use in any particular location.

######  Purchases & Cancellation Rights.

Subscriptions. You may purchase certain Services on a subscription basis. Some Services may offer different subscription levels (e.g., free, pro or premium) or subscription periods (e.g., weekly, monthly, yearly). Payment for a subscription may be processed in-App, through a third-party mobile platform owner (e.g. Apple or Google) or directly through LA and its third party payment processor.

You may be offered a free trial of a subscription to our Services for a limited period of time. You are free to cancel a free trial subscription via the subscription setting in your iTunes or Android account, or if you went through one of our websites, by logging in on the applicable website to manage your subscriptions. Please note: your free trial subscription will automatically renew as a paid subscription for the applicable subscription period unless you cancel at least 24 hours before the end of the free trial subscription period or, if you purchased through Google, before the end of the trial period.

‍If you subscribed for our Services by purchasing and installing an App through a third-party mobile platform owner (either through the third party platform or in-App), you may cancel your subscription at any time by following the Apple App Store or Google Play Store instructions or via the subscription settings in your iTunes or Android account. If you subscribed for our Services directly through our website, you may cancel your subscription at any time by logging in to manage your subscriptions on the applicable website.

All cancellations will take effect starting at the end of the then current billing period. For example, if you have a monthly subscription that began on the first of the month but cancel mid-month, your cancellation will be effective as of the end of that month. There are no refunds on subscriptions once the charge has gone through for the billing period.

Paid Applications. Certain Apps may be available for one-time purchase (no recurring subscription) through either the Apple App Store or Google Play Store. European Union residents normally have a right to cancel online purchases within 14 days of making them. Please note and acknowledge that if you are resident in the European Union and purchase an App from a mobile platform owner, you may not be able to cancel your order or obtain a refund. Please review the mobile platform owner's terms in this regard before purchase. You may uninstall paid applications at any time at your discretion. All purchases of paid applications are non-refundable.

‍Automatic Renewal; Recurring Charges. Paid subscriptions to the Services are auto-renewing. You will be charged the stated subscription amount for the subscription period upon completion of your registration and submission of your payment information or, if applicable, at the end of your free trial period if you have not canceled at least 24 hours in advance of the expiration of the trial period. You hereby agree to and authorize automatic and recurring billing, and you agree to pay the charges made to your account in connection therewith. You will be billed on a recurring basis at the then-current applicable subscription price plus any applicable taxes at the start of each new subscription period. Payments for renewal subscriptions are processed using the same billing cycle as your current subscription. Subscription fees may change at any time, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. Your subscription, and monthly billing of your account, will continue indefinitely until cancelled by you in accordance with the Cancellation Section of this Agreement.

##### D. FEATURES & FUNCTIONALITY

The various features and functionalities made available through the Services may change from time to time and are provided by LA and third-party suppliers (the "Third Party Partners") who offer Content and/or services in conjunction with or through the Services and other users who may share Content on through their use of the Services. The Services may provide you with location data for basic navigational purposes only and are not intended to be relied upon in situations where precise location information is needed or where erroneous, inaccurate or incomplete location data may lead to death, personal injury, property or environmental damage. Neither LA, nor any of its Third Party Partners, guarantee the availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of location data displayed through the Services.

##### E. CONTENT ON THE SERVICES

User Content. The Apps may allow users to submit and post Content that will be made public and available to other App users (“User Content”). You are responsible for your use of the Services and for any User Content you provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. You should only provide User Content that you are comfortable sharing with others. LA may also act to remove Objectionable Content. The decision to remove Objectionable Content shall be made at LA’s sole discretion. LA may terminate a user's access to the Services if, under appropriate circumstances, the user is determined to be a repeat infringer.

You agree that you shall not post or share User Content on the Services that LA deems Objectionable Content. “Objectionable Content” includes, but it not limited to:

· Commercial in nature (including advertising or solicitations);

· Infringes the intellectual property rights of others;

· Is unlawful, defamatory, libelous or infringes the privacy rights of others;

· Presents a risk to a person’s security, health or safety, including minors;

· Entices criminal or unlawful behavior;

· Falsely states or implies that such User Content is endorsed or sponsored by LA or any of its Third Party Partners;

· Is vulgar, threatening, or considered hate speech intended to offend or harass individuals or a group of individuals based on race, ethnicity, national origin, disability, religious affiliation, sexual orientation, sex, or gender identity;

· Contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; and

· Is otherwise in contravention of these Terms.

You represent and warrant that you own or have the necessary rights in and to the Content that you post, including the right to post or share the User Content publicly through the Services and to permit LA to publish and use such User Content as contemplated by these Terms. By submitting User Content to LA you are hereby granting LA and its users an irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licensable and transferrable license to copy, distribute, use, print, publish, republish, reformat, translate, modify, revise and incorporate into other works, prepare derivative works of and display in public in the Apps or in any form of media or expression. The User Content you submit to LA may be used by LA commercially at LA’s sole discretion.

‍Content Screening and Disclosure. We do not, and cannot, pre-screen or monitor all Content. However, our representatives may monitor Content submission through the Apps, and you hereby provide your irrevocable consent to such monitoring. You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy concerning the submission of any Content. We have the right, but not the obligation, in our sole discretion to edit, refuse to post, or remove any Content.

We may access, preserve or disclose any of your information or Content (including without limitation chat text) if we are required to do so by law, or if we believe in good faith that it is reasonably necessary to (i) respond to claims asserted against us or to comply with legal process (for example, subpoenas or warrants), including those issued by courts having jurisdiction over us or you; (ii) enforce or administer our agreements with users, such as these Terms; (iii) for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation, customer support, providing the app services or engineering support; (iv) protect the rights, property or safety of LA, its users, or members of the public or (v) to report a crime or other offensive behavior.

‍Third-Party Services and Content. The Services may integrate, be integrated into, bundled, or be provided in connection with third-party services, advertising, feeds, and/or content. If you are installing an App that includes third party services and third party content, such services and content are subject to such third party's terms of services and privacy policies, which may be found on the relevant Third Party Partner's website. Our Services may provide access or links to Third Party Partner websites or resources. LA has no control over such websites and resources, and you acknowledge and agree that LA is not responsible for the availability of such external websites or resources, and does not endorse nor is responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such websites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that LA shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any Third Party Partner Content, including any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any Third Party Partner content, goods or services available on or through the Services or any such Third Party Partner website or resource. LA will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and Third Party Partners.

##### F. SECURITY

The Services, like other consumer technologies, may not be 100% secure. By accepting these Terms you acknowledge and accept that the Services may be exposed to unauthorized access, interception, corruption, damage or misuse, and cannot be regarded as 100% secure. You accept all responsibility for such security risks and any damage resulting therefrom. Further, you are solely responsible for securing any device used to access the Services from unauthorized access, including by such means as using complex password protection and enabling device encryption when available through settings on your device. You agree that LA shall not be liable for any unauthorized access to your account or devices.



##### G. REGISTRATION/PASSWORDS

Registration. Some Services may not require a registration: however, some Services will permit or require you to create an account to participate or access additional features or functionalities ("Registration"). If such Registration is required, it will be made known to you when you attempt to participate or access such additional features or functionalities. Any registration required by a Third Party Partner is not governed by these Terms and you should refer to the relevant Third Party Partner's website for their policies.

‍Passwords. You are the sole and exclusive guardian of any password and ID combination issued or chosen by to you. Maintaining the confidentiality and security of your password(s) and ID(s) is solely your responsibility. You are fully responsible for all transactions undertaken by means of any account opened, held, accessed or used via your password and ID. You shall notify us immediately and confirm in writing any unauthorized use of accounts or any breach of security, including without limitation any loss, theft or unauthorized use of your password(s), and/or ID(s) or any related account. If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that the security of your password and/or ID has been compromised, we may suspend or terminate your account, refuse any and all current or future use of the services, and pursue any appropriate legal remedies. We shall not be responsible for any losses incurred in connection with any misuse of any password or ID.

‍Provided Information. If you provide any information in connection with a Registration, you must provide and maintain accurate, complete and current information. If we have reasonable grounds to suspect that your information is inaccurate, not current or not complete, we may suspend or terminate your use of the Services, and pursue any appropriate legal remedies. You agree that we shall have the right to use the information you provide to us for the purposes described in these Terms and in furtherance of your use of the App and our services, in accordance with the Privacy Policy.

##### H. UNINSTALL/REMOVAL OF AN APP

Uninstallation and removal methods vary depending on your device. To uninstall and remove the Apps, please use the application manager provided with your device or consult your device manual for reference. Please remember if you have a paid subscription to an App, uninstalling will not cancel your recurring payments. See our cancellation instructions above for more information.

##### I. CONSENT TO USE OF DATA AND USER REVIEWS

You agree that we may collect and use technical data and related information, including but not limited to technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services to you (if any) related to the Services. We may use this information in accordance with the Privacy Policy.

Additionally, if you choose to provide app store reviews or reviews via any social medial channel, or other similar communication or messaging features or services, such information may be made publicly available, including the public-facing username as it appears with the review. If you prefer that we do not use your app reviews for promotional purposes, you will be able to elect for us not to do so by contacting the support email in Section U below (please include your name, mailing address, and email address). For security purposes, please do not include any password, social security number, payment card or other sensitive information via these features. We have the right, but not the obligation to monitor messages and communications between and among users for security and training purposes. We may, but are not obligated to, remove any content we deem inappropriate.

##### J. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The Services, including all Content, design, text, images, photographs, illustrations, audio-clips, video-clips, artwork, graphic material, code, content, protocols, software, and documentation provided to you by LA are LA’s property or the property of LA’s licensors, and are protected by Austrian, U.S. and international copyright, trademarks, patents and other proprietary rights and laws relating to Intellectual Property Rights. "Intellectual Property Rights" means, collectively, rights under patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, and any other intellectual property or proprietary rights recognized in any country or jurisdiction worldwide, including, without limitation, moral or similar rights. You may not delete, alter, or remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notice we or Third Party Partners have placed on or within the Services. All rights not expressly granted hereunder are expressly reserved to LA and its licensor.

LA and any names, logos and affiliated properties, are the exclusive property of LA or its affiliates. All other trademarks appearing through the Services, including in any App, are trademarks of their respective owners, and the use of such trademarks shall inure to the benefit of the trademark owner. Our partners or service providers may also have additional proprietary rights in the content which they make available through a Service. The trade names, trademarks and service marks owned by us, whether registered or unregistered, may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not ours, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion. Nothing contained in herein should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any of our trade names, trademarks or service marks without our express prior written consent.

##### K. COPYRIGHT

Copyright/Submissions. You are solely responsible for any Content you contribute, submit, display or for any adaptations of works made on or through your use of the App(s). It is your obligation to ensure that such Content, including photos, text, video and music files, does not violate any copyright or other Intellectual Property Rights. You must either own or have a license to use any Content that you contribute, submit or display. LA respects and expects its users to respect the rights of copyright holders. On notice, LA will act appropriately to remove content that infringes the copyright rights of others. LA reserves the right to disable the access to Apps or other services by anyone who uses them to repeatedly infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of others.

##### L. TERMINATION

Your rights under these Terms will terminate immediately and automatically without any notice from LA if you fail to comply with any of the terms and conditions of these Terms. You understand that LA, in its sole discretion, may modify or discontinue or suspend your right to access any of our services or use of any Services at any time. Further, LA, with or without any reason, may at any time suspend or terminate any license hereunder and disable the Services, including any Apps or any of the component features of the Services. You agree that LA shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination or disabling of the Services. Promptly upon expiration or termination of these Terms, you must cease all use of the Services and destroy all copies of the Services, including any Apps in your possession or control. Termination will not limit any of LA’s other rights or remedies at law or in equity.

##### M. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS," "WITH ALL FAULTS," AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, AND YOU USE THEM AT YOUR SOLE RISK. SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, LA, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF, AND ITS PARENT, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, DISTRIBUTORS, VENDORS, AGENTS AND SUPPLIERS, EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY OTHER WARRANTY ARISING UNDER THE SALE OF GOODS ACTS 1893 AND 1980, USAGE OF TRADE, COURSE OF CONDUCT OR OTHERWISE. WITHOUT LIMITATION, LA MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THEY WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, THAT THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE LA PRODUCTS AND SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR THAT THE QUALITY OF THE APPS WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS. LA ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES; ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN; ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SERVICES OR SERVERS; ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY; OR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES.

##### N. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT LA AND ITS PARENTS, AFFILIATES AND THIRD PARTY PARTNERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF LA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (I) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES; (II) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (III) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY; OR (IV) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICES. IN NO EVENT SHALL LA’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THE SERVICES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

IF ANY OF THE EXCLUSIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION IS DETERMINED BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO BE UNENFORCEABLE, THEN ALL SUCH EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES SHALL BE LIMITED IN DURATION FOR A PERIOD OF THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ACCESS THE SERVICES, AND NO WARRANTIES SHALL APPLY AFTER SUCH PERIOD.

##### O. INDEMNIFICATION

YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS LA, ITS PARENTS, AFFILIATE AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS AND AGENTS FROM ANY AND ALL THIRD PARTY CLAIMS, LIABILITY, DAMAGES AND/OR COSTS (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ATTORNEYS' FEES) ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, YOUR VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS OR YOUR INFRINGEMENT, OR INFRINGEMENT BY ANY OTHER USER OF YOUR ACCOUNT, OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR OTHER RIGHT OF ANY PERSON OR ENTITY. YOU AGREE TO IMMEDIATELY NOTIFY LA OF ANY UNAUTHORIZED USE OF YOUR ACCOUNT OR ANY OTHER BREACH OF SECURITY KNOWN TO YOU.

##### P. EXPORT CONTROLS

The Services and the underlying information and technology are subject to U.S. and international laws, restrictions and regulations that may govern the import, export, downloading and use of the Apps. You agree to comply with these laws, restrictions and regulations when downloading or using the Apps.

##### Q. NOTICE TO US GOVERNMENT END USERS

Any Services used or Apps installed for or on behalf of the United States of America, its agencies and/or instrumentalities ("U.S. Government"), is provided with Restricted Rights as "Commercial Items," as those terms are defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Pursuant to Federal Acquisition Regulation 12.212 (48 C.F.R. §12.212), the U.S. Government shall have only those rights specified in the license contained herein. The U.S. Government shall not be entitled to (i) technical information that is not customarily provided to the public or to (ii) use, modify, reproduce, release, perform, display, or disclose commercial computer software or commercial computer software documentation except as specified herein. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software - Restricted Rights at 48 C.F.R. 52.227-19, as applicable.

##### R. JURISDICTIONAL AVAILABILITY

LA does not represent or warrant that the Services or any part thereof is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. We may limit the availability of the Apps, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion.

##### S. DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND OTHER MISCELLANEOUS TERMS

a. Disputes. For all disputes arising out of or relating in any way to the LA Service, you must first send a written description of your claim to LA LLC to allow us an opportunity to resolve the dispute. You and LA LLC each agree to negotiate your claim in good faith. If we still cannot resolve the dispute you may request arbitration if your claim or dispute cannot be resolved within 60 days. Please read this section carefully. It affects your legal rights. It provides for resolution of disputes through individual arbitration instead of court trials and class actions. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court, uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, and discovery is more limited. Arbitration is final and binding and subject to only very limited review by a court. This arbitration clause shall survive termination of the Terms.

b. Governing Law. By using the LA Service, you agree that the statutes and laws of the United States without regard to conflicts of laws principles, will apply to all matters relating to use of the LA Service. If we are unable to commence arbitration, you agree that any litigation shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts in New York, NY and shall be subject to the laws of New York without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.

c. Arbitration Procedures.

1. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising in any way out of or in connection with the Terms (including, without limitation: (1) any contractual, pre-contractual or non-contractual rights, obligations or liabilities; and (2) any issue as to the existence, validity or termination of the Terms) shall be referred to and finally resolved by binding arbitration administered by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution (“ICDR”) in accordance with its International Arbitration Rules in force as at the date of this Agreement (the “Rules”), which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Section 19 and as may be amended by the rest of this Section 19.

2. The arbitration tribunal (“Tribunal”) shall consist of three (3) arbitrators. The claimant shall designate one (1) arbitrator. The respondent shall designate one (1) arbitrator. The two arbitrators thus appointed shall designate the third arbitrator who shall be the presiding arbitrator. If within fourteen (14) days of a request from the other party to do so a party fails to designate an arbitrator, or if the two arbitrators fail to designate the third arbitrator within fourteen (14) days after the confirmation of appointment of the second arbitrator, the appointment shall be made, upon request of a party, by the ICDR in accordance with the Rules.

3. The seat of the arbitration shall be New York, New York, U.S.A. The language of the arbitration shall be English. This arbitration clause shall be governed by the laws of the United States, including the Federal Arbitration Act, and to the extent not inconsistent therewith, the laws of the State of New York (United States).

4. Any award of the Tribunal shall be made in writing and shall be final and binding on the parties from the day it is made. The parties undertake to carry out the award without delay. The arbitrator or arbitrators shall be empowered to award only those damages which are permitted by the Terms, subject to any disclaimers of damages and liability limits set forth in thee Terms, but the arbitrator or arbitrators shall not have the authority to reform, modify or materially change the Terms. The award rendered by the arbitrator(s) shall include costs of the arbitration, reasonable attorneys’ fees and reasonable costs for experts and other witnesses. Judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The parties hereby irrevocably waive their right to any form of appeal, review or recourse to any court or other judicial authority insofar as such waiver may be validly made. The parties waive any right to apply to any court and/or other judicial authority to determine any preliminary point of law and/or review any question of law and/or the merits, insofar as such waiver may validly be made. The parties shall not be deemed, however, to have waived any other right to challenge any award.

5. The parties agree that the arbitrator(s) shall have the authority to issue interim orders for provisional relief, including, but not limited to, orders for injunctive relief, attachment or other provisional remedy, as necessary to protect either party’s name, proprietary information, trade secrets, know-how or any other proprietary right. The parties agree that any interim order of the arbitrator(s) for any injunctive or other preliminary relief shall be enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. In addition, nothing in the Terms shall be deemed as preventing either party from seeking provisional relief from any court of competent jurisdiction, in order to protect that party’s name or proprietary rights. Nothing in this Section shall be construed as preventing any party from seeking conservatory or interim relief from any court of competent jurisdiction, including without limitation to protect either party’s name, proprietary information, trade secrets, know-how or any other proprietary rights.

6. Miscellaneous.

a. Waiver. A provision of these Terms may be waived only by a written instrument executed by the party entitled to the benefit of such provision. The failure of any party at any time to require performance of any provision of these Terms shall in no manner affect such party’s right at a later time to enforce the same. A waiver of any breach of any provision of these Terms shall not be construed as a continuing waiver of other breaches of the same or other provisions of these Terms.

b. Severability. If any provision of these Terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

c. Assignment. The Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by LA without restriction.

d. Headings. The heading references herein are for convenience purposes only, do not constitute a part of these Terms, and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

e. Entire Agreement. These Terms are the entire agreement between you and LA relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by both parties, or by a change to these Terms made by LA as set forth in Section 4.

f. CLAIMS. YOU AND LA AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO LA SERVICE MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.

g. End-User Terms Required by Apple. If you have downloaded the LA Services mobile application (the “App”) from the Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) App Store or if you are using the App on an iOS device, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to the following notice regarding Apple. These Terms are between you and LA only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the LA Service and the content thereof. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App. In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, then you may notify Apple and Apple will refund any applicable purchase price for the App to you; and that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the App or your possession and/or use of the App, including: (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third party claim that the App and/or your possession and use of the App infringe that third party’s intellectual property rights. You agree to comply with any applicable third party terms, when using the App. Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these Terms, and upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary of these Terms.

h. Queries. You may contact us at the address below with any questions, complaints or claims regarding the LA Services:

LANG AI, LLC

8 THE GREEN, STE A, DOVER, DELAWARE, United States

Email: support@langaiapp.com

i. DMCA/Copyright. If you believe that anything on the LA Services infringes a copyright that you own or control, you may file a notice with our designated agent:

LANG AI, LLC

Email: support@langaiapp.com

If you file a notice with our designated agent, it must comply with the requirements set forth at 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3). That means the notice must: (i) contain the physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner; (ii) identify the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; (iii) identify the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed, or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to let us locate the material; (iv) provide your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address; (v) provide a personal statement that you have a good-faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (vi) provide a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.